Student Experience - Project includes opportunities for student involvement and/or will positively impact the student experience.
Connection to Campus - Project directly addresses environmental sustainability on the WSU campus or in the capacity that on-campus activities directly influence environmental sustainability in the surrounding community.
Feasibility and Institutional Support - Project is feasible and has support from appropriate campus individuals and entities. Individual students or student organizations must have the signature of a faculty or staff advisor who is committed to advising throughout project implementation.
Appropriateness of Schedule and Budget Request - Project schedule and budget are reasonable and conform to established timelines, constraints and parameters.
Accountability - Project includes mechanism for evaluation and follow-up. At a minimum, a project plan includes appropriate progress reports to the Sustainability Committee based on the duration of the project and a final report within 60 days following completion of the project.
Innovation - Project is innovative in nature and does not include routine maintenance or code-compliant activities. Funding may support narrowing the gap between code-compliant and more sustainable alternatives.
Environmental Benefits - Project demonstrates a reduction in WSU\'s carbon footprint or provides other environmental benefits such as water conservation, storm water management, biodiversity conservation, and waste minimization.
Regional Connection - Project provides intellectual and emotional linkage with the unique landscape of the Driftless Area/ Mississippi River, as well as the cultural lifeways of this special place.
Outreach and Education - Project considers interdisciplinary and experiential education and outreach opportunities and has included them as part of its implementation plan.
Self Sufficiency - Project includes matching funds from sources beyond SGF or includes a plan for sustained funding.
Potential for Broad Application - Project has potential to be scalable across the campus.
Cost/Benefit Analysis (as appropriate) - Project proposal outlines project payback, lifecycle costs and savings, etc.